digestion#n.消化#di5dVestFEn
digit#n.数字#5didVit
digital#adj.数字的#5didVitl
dignity#n.尊贵，尊严#5digniti
dike#n.堤#dBik
dilute#v.稀释#dBi5lut
diligent#adj.勤奋的，用功的#5dilidVEnt
dim#adj.暗淡的，模糊的#dim
dime#n.(美元)一角#dBim
dimension#n.维，方面，尺寸#di5menFEn
dimensional#adj.尺寸的
diminish#v.减少，缩小#di5miniF
dine#v.用餐#dBin
dining-room#n.餐厅#5dBiniN rum
dingy#adj.肮脏的#5diNgi7 5diNdVi
dinner#n.正餐，晚餐，宴会#5dinE
dip#v.,n.蘸，浸#dip
diploma#n.毕业文凭，学位证书#di5plEumE
diplomacy#n.外交#di5plEumEsi
diplomat#n.外交人员#5diplEmAt
diplomatic#n.外交的#diplE5mAtik
direct#v.支配，指挥，对准#di5rekt
direction#n.方向，指示，说明#di5rekFEn
directive#n.命令，指令#di5rektiv
directly#adv.直接地，立即#di5rektli
director#n.指导者，导演，领导#di5rektE
directory#n.目录，地址录#di5rektEri
dirt#n.尘埃，灰尘，泥土#dE:t
dirty#adj.肮脏的#5dE:ti
disable#v.使残废#dis5eibl
disabled#adj.残废的 n.残疾人#dis5eibld
disadvantage#n.不利之处#disEd5vB:ntidV
disadvantageous#adj.不利的#disAdvB:n5teidVEs
disagree#v.意见不合，不符#disE5gri:
disagreement#n.不和，不一致#disE5gri:mEnt
disallow#v.不允许#disE5lBu
disappear#v.失踪，消失#disE5piE
disappearance#n.消失#disE5piErEns
disappoint#v.使...失望#disE5pCint
disappointed#adj.失望的，扫兴的#disE5pCintid
disappointment#n.失望#disE5pCintmEnt
disapproval#n.不批准#disE5pru:vEl
disaster#n.自然灾害，祸患#di5zB:stE
disastrous#adj.灾难性的#di5zB:strEs
disburse#v.支付#dis5bE:s
disbursement#n.支付#dis5bE:smEnt
disc#n.圆盘，唱片#disk
discard#v.,n.丢弃，扔掉#dis5kB:d
discern#v.操作别，辨明#di5sE:n
discharge#v.解除，放出，卸货#dis5tFB:dV
disciplinary#adj.纪律的，学科的#5disiplinEri
discipline#n.训练，纪律 n.锻炼#5disiplin
disclaim#v.放弃，不承认#dis5klem
disclose#v.揭开，透露#dis5klEuz
discomfort#n.不安，不舒服#dis5kQmfEt
discomfortable#adj.不舒服的#dis5kQmfEtEbl
discontinue#v.中断#5diskEn5tinju
discount#n.,v.折扣#5diskBunt
discourage#v.使...泄气，阻止#dis5kQridV
discourse#n.演说，谈话，话语#dis5kC:s
discover#v.发现#dis5kQvE
discovery#n.发现，发现物#dis5kQvEri
discreet#adj.周到的，慎重的#dis5kri:t
discreetly#adv.慎重地#dis5kri:tli
discrepancy#n.单货不符#dis5krepEnsi
discretion#n.慎重#dis5kreFEn
discriminate#v.区别，岐视#dis5krimineit
discrimination#n.辨别，岐视#diskrimi5neiFEn
discuss#v.讨论#dis5kQs
discussion#v.讨论，商议#dis5kQFEn
disdain#v.轻视#dis5dein
disease#n.疾病#di5zi:z
disgrace#n.耻辱 v.使受辱#dis5greis
disgraceful#adj.耻辱的，受辱的#dis5greisful
disguise#v.,n.伪装，掩饰#dis5gBiz
disgust#n.厌恶 v.使讨厌#dis5gQst
disgustful#adj.令人生厌的
dish#n.盘子，碟子#diF
dishonorable#adj.不名誉的#dis5CnErEbl
dishonor#n.耻辱 v.凌辱#dis5CnE
disillusion#v.使觉醒，幻灭#disi5lu:VEn
disinclined#adj.不愿意的
disinfectant#n.消毒剂#disin5fektEnt
disintegration#n.分散，解体#disinti5greiFEn
dislike#v.,n.厌恶#dis5lBik
disloyal#adj.不忠的#dis5lCiEl
disloyalty#adj.不忠#dis5lCiElti
dismal#adj.阴郁的，沉闷的#5dizmEl
dismay#v.使沮丧 n.沮丧#dis5mei
dismiss#v.解散，开除#dis5mis
dismissal#n.解散，开除#dis5misEl
disobey#v.不服从#5disE5bei
disorder#n.紊乱，骚乱，失调#dis5C:dE
disparity#n.不同，悬殊#dis5pAriti
dispatch#v.迅速派遣 n.快件#dis5pAtF
dispel#v.驱散#dis5pel
dispense#v.分配，施予#dis5pens
disperse#v.驱散，散布#dis5pE:s
displace#v.置换，取代#dis5pleis
displacement#n.置换，替换物#dis5pleismEnt
display#v.,n.陈列，表现#dis5plei
displease#v.使生气，惹怒#dis5pli:z
displeasure#n.不快#dis5pleVE
disposal#n.处置，对付#dis5pEuzEl
dispose#v.处置，对付，解决#dis5pEuz
disposed#adj.有...倾向的
disposition#n.布置，处置#dispE5ziFEn
dispute#v.争论，质疑 n.争论#dis5pju:t
disregard#v.,n.无视，不顾#5disri5gB:d
dissatisfaction#n.不满#5dissAtis5fAkFEn
dissatisfy#v.使不满#dis5sAtisfBi
dissimilar#adj.不同的#di5similE
dissipate#v.驱散，消耗，浪费#5disipeit
dissolve#v.溶解，使终结#di5zClv
distance#n.距离，远处#5distEns
distant#adj.远方的，疏远的#5distEnt
distillation#n.蒸馏#distl5eFEn
distinct#adj.不同的，明显的#dis5tiNkt
distinction#n.差别，非凡#dis5tiNkFEn
distinctly#adv.明晰地，清楚地#dis5tiNktli
distinguish#v.辨别，认出#dis5tiNgwiF
distinguished#adj.尊贵的，尊敬的#dis5tiNgwiFt
distort#v.扭曲，歪曲#dis5tC:t
distortion#n.曲解，失真，变形#dis5tC:FEn
distract#v.分神，迷惑#dis5trAkt
distraction#n.分心#di5strAkFEn
distress#n.苦恼，不幸#dis5tres
distribute#v.分配，分布，分销#dis5tribju:t
distribution#n.分配，分布#distri5bju:FEn
distributor#n.分销商#dis5tribju:tE
distributorship#n.分销权
district#v.区，区域，地区#5distrikt
disturb#v.打扰，打乱，使烦恼#dis5tE:b
disturbance#n.干扰，动乱#dis5tE:bEns
disunite#v.使分裂#disju5nBit
disuse#v.,n.废止#dis5ju:z
ditch#n.沟，渠，下水道#ditF
ditto#n.同上#5ditEu
dive#v.潜水，跳水，俯冲#dBiv
diver#n.潜水员，跳水运动员#5dBivE
diverge#v.分歧，离题#dBi5vE:dV
divergence#n.分歧#dBi5vE:dVEns
diverse#adj.不同的，分歧的#dBi5vE:s
diversion#n.转移，消遣#dBi5vE:FEn
diversity#n.多样化#dBi5vE:siti
divert#v.使转向，消遣#dBi5vE:t
divide#v.分开，分享，分裂#di5vBid
divine#adj.神的，神圣的#di5vBin
division#n.划分，部分#di5viVEn
divorce#v.离婚，使脱离#di5vC:s
dizzy#adj.晕眩的#5dizi
do#v.做，干，足够，制作#du:7 du
dock#n.码头#dCk
doctor#n.医生，博士#5dCktE
doctrine#n.教义，学说#5dCktrin
document#n.文件，公文#5dCkjumEnt
documentary#adj.文化的#dCkju5mentEri
documentation#n.提供文件#dCkjumen5teiFEn
dodge#v.躲避#dCdV
dog#n.狗#dCg
doggedly#adv.顽固地#5dCgidli
doll#n.玩偶，娃娃#dCl
dollar#n.元，美元#5dClE
domain#n.领土，领域#dE5mein
dome#n.圆顶，穹窿#dEum
domestic#adj.家里的，国内的#dE5mestik
dominant#adj.统治的#5dCminEnt
dominate#v.统治，支配，占优势#5dCmineit
donate#v.捐献#dEu5neit
donation#n.捐献#dou5neiFEn
donkey#n.驴，笨蛋#5dCNki
doom#n.命运，判决 v.命定#du:m
door#n.门，(一户)人家#dC:
doorway#n.门口，门道#5dC:wei
dormitory#n.集体宿舍#5dC:mitri
dose#n.剂量，一服药#dEus
dot#n.点，圆点#dCt
double#adj.两倍的，双重的#5dQbl
doubt#v.,n.怀疑，疑惑#dBut
doubtful#adj.怀疑的，可疑的#5dButful
doubtless#adv.无疑地，大约#5dButlis
dough#n.面团#dEu
dove#n.鸽子#dQv
down#adv.向下，下降#dBun
downstairs#adv.在楼下#5dBun5steEz
downtown#n.闹市 adv.去市里#5dBun5tBun
downward#adj.向下的，下坡的#5dBunwEd
downwards#adv.向下，以下#5dBunwEdz
doze#v.打瞌睡#dEuz
dozen#n.一打#5dQzn
draft#n.草案，草稿，穿堂风#drB:ft
drag#v.拖，拽#drAg
dragon#n.龙#5drAgEn
drain#v.排水，耗竭，泄#drein
drainage#v.排水系统，污水#5dreinidV
drama#n.戏剧，剧本#5drB:mE
dramatic#adj.戏剧性的，显著的#drE5mAtik
dramatist#n.戏剧家#5drAmEtist
dramatize#v.使戏剧化#5drAmEtBiz
drastic#adj.激烈的，严厉的#5drAstik
draw#v.画，拉，吸引#drC:
drawback#n.不利，欠缺#5drC:bAk
drawer#n.抽屉#drC:
drawing#n.素描，绘画，图样#5drC:iN
dread#v.,n.恐惧，担心#dred
dreadful#adj.可怕的，糟糕的#5dredful
dream#n.梦，梦想 v.做梦#dri:m
dreary#adj.疲劳的#5driEri
drench#v.浸泡，充满#drentF
dress#n.服装 v.穿衣#dres
dressing#n.打扮，调味品#5dresiN
drift#v.漂流，游荡#drift
drill#n.钻头，操练 v.训练#dril
drink#v.喝，饮 n.饮料，酒#driNk
drip#v.滴下，流下#drip
drive#v.驾驶，乘车 n.车道#drBiv
driver#n.司机#5drBivE
droop#v.下垂#dru:p
drop#v.落下 n.滴，下降#drCp
dropout#n.中途退出者#5drCpBut
drought#n.旱灾#drBut
drown#v.淹死#drBun
drug#n.药物，麻醉剂#drQg
drugstore#n.零食店#5drQgstC:
drum#n.鼓 v.敲鼓#drQm
drunk#adj.喝醉的#drQNk
drunkard#n.醉鬼#drQNkEd
dry#adj.干的，枯燥的#drBi
dubious#adj.怀疑的#5dju:bjEs
duck#n.鸭子#dQk
due#adj.到期的，预定的#dju:
duke#n.公爵#dju:k
dull#adj.沉闷的，钝的#dQl
duly#adv.按期地#5dju:li
dumb#adj.哑的#dQm
dummy#n.傀儡#5dQmi
dump#v.倾倒 n.垃圾堆#dQmp
dumping#n.倾销#5dQmpiN
dung#n.粪#dQN
dungeon#n.地牢#5dQndVEn
duplicate#adj.二重的，复制的#5dju:plikit
durable#adj.持久的，耐用的#5djuErEbl
duration#n.期间，待续时间#djuE5reiFEn
during#prep.在...期间#5djuEriN
dusk#n.黄昏#dQsk
dust#n.尘土，粉末 v.掸土#dQst
dustbin#n.簸箕#5dQstbin
dusty#adj.沾满灰尘的#5dQsti
duty#n.责任，义务，关税#5dju:ti
duty-free#adj.免税的
dwarf#n.矮子，侏儒#dwC:f
dwell#v.居住#dwel
dweller#n.居住者，住客#5dwelE
dwelling#n.住宅#5dweliN
dye#n.染料 v.染色#dBi
dynamic#adj.动力的，动态的#dBi5nAmik
dynasty#n.朝代，王朝#5dinEsti
each#adj.,adv.名，每个#i:tF
eager#adj.热切的，渴望的#5i:gE
eagle#n.鹰#5i:gl
ear#n.耳朵，穗#iE
earl#n.伯爵#E:l
early#adj.早的，初期的#5E:li
earmark#n.标记，特征#5iEmB:k
earn#v.挣钱，赢得#E:n
earnest#adj.认真的，诚恳的#5E:nist
earnings#n.收入，赚得的钱#5E:niNz
earphone#n.耳机#5iEfoun
earth#n.地球，地上，泥土#E:W
earthly#adj.世俗的#5E:Wli
earthquake#n.地震#5E:Wkweik
ease#n.安逸，轻易#i:z
easily#adv.容易地，安逸地#5i:zili
east#adj.东方的 n.东方#i:st
Easter#n.复活节#5i:stE
eastern#adj.东的，朝东的#5i:stEn
eastward#adv.向东#5i:stwEd
easy#adj.容易的，轻松的#5i:zi
easy-going#adj.逍遥自在的
eat#v.吃#i:t
eccentric#adj.性格怪僻的#ik5sentrik
eccentricity#n.怪僻#eksen5trisiti
echo#n.回声，反响，共呜#5ekEu
eclipse#n.(日、月)食，蚀#i5klips
ecology#n.生态学#i(:)5kClEdVi
economic#adj.经济的，经济学的#i:kE5nCmik
economical#adj.节省的，经济的#i:kE5nCmikEl
economically#adv.经济上#i:kE5nCmikEli
economics#n.经济学#i:kE5nCmiks
economize#v.节省#i5kCmEmBiz
economy#n.经济，节约#i(:)5kCnEmi
ecstasy#n.狂喜#5ekstEsi
edge#n.边，边缘，刀刃#edV
edit#v.校订，编辑#5edit
edition#n.片(本)#i5diFEn
editor#n.编辑，编者#5editE
editorial#n.社论#edi5tC:riEl
educate#v.教育#5edju(:)keit
education#n.教育，训练#edju:5keiFEn
educational#adj.教育的#edju5keiFEnl
eel#n.鳝鱼#i:l
effect#n.后果，效力 v.导致#i5fekt
effective#adj.有效的#i5fektiv
effectively#adv.有效地#i5fektivli
effectiveness#n.有效#i5fektivnis
efficiency#n.效率，功效#i5fiFEnsi
efficient#adj.效率高的#i5fiFEnt
effort#n.努力，尽力，成果#5efEt
e. g.#(缩)例如
egg#n.卵，蛋，鸡蛋#eg
eggplant#n.茄子#5egplAnt
Egypt#n.埃及#5i:dVipt
Egyptian#adj.,n.埃及人(的)#i5dVipFEn
eight#num.八#eit
eighteen#num.十八#5ei5ti:n
eighth#num.第八，八分之一#eitW
eighty#num.八十#5eiti
either#adj.二者之一 adv.也#5BiTE7 5i:TE
eject#v.喷射#i:5dVekt
ejection#n.喷射#i5dVekFEn
elaborate#v.,adj.详尽阐述#i5lAbErit
elaboration#n.详尽阐述#ilAbE5reiFEn
elapse#v.(时间)消逝#i5lAps
elastic#adj.弹性的，灵活的#i5lAstik
elasticity#n.弹性#ilAs5tisEti
elbow#n.肘，弯管#5elbEu
elder#adj.年长的，资格老的#5eldE
elect#v.选举 adj.当选的#i5lekt
election#n.选举#i5lekFEn
electric#adj.电的，电力的#i5lektrik
electrical#adj.电的#i5lektrikEl
electrician#n.电工#ilek5triFEn
electricity#n.电#ilek5trisiti
electrify#v.充电，电气化#i5lektrifBi
electron#n.电子#i5lektrCn
electronic#adj.电子的#ilek5trCnik
electronics#n.电子学#ilek5trCniks
elegance#n.优雅#5eligEns
elegant#adj.优雅的，典雅的#5eligEnt
element#n.成分，元素#5elimEnt
elemental#adj.自然力的，基本的#eli5mentl
elementary#adj.基础的，初步的#eli5mentEri
elephant#n.象#5elifEnt
elevate#v.提升，抬高#5eliveit
elevation#n.海拔，提高，崇高#eli5veiFEn
elevator#n.电梯#5eliveitE
eleven#num.十一#i5levn
eleventh#num.第十一#i5levnW
eliminate#v.消灭，删除#i5limineit
elimination#n.消灭，删除#ilimi5neiFEn
elliptical#adj.椭圆的，省略的#i5liptikEl
ellipsis#n.省略#i5lipsis
eloquence#n.雄辩，口才#5elEkwEns
eloquent#adj.雄辩的，有口才的#5elEkwEnt
else#adj.别的 adv.否则#els
elsewhere#adv.在别处#els5weE
elusive#adj.躲闪的#i5lu:siv
emancipate#v.解放#i5mAnsipeit
emancipation#n.解放#imAnsi5peiFen
embargo#n.禁运#em5bB:gEu
embark#v.登陆#im5bB:k
embarrass#v.使窘，使为难#im5bArEs
embarrassing#adj.令人尴尬的#im5bArEsiN
embarrassment#n.窘迫，尴尬#im5bArEsmEnt
embassy#n.使馆#5embEsi
embody#v.体现，包含#im5bCdi
embrace#v.拥抱，接受，包括#im5breis
embroider#v.绣#im5brCidE
embroidery#v.刺绣(品)#im5brCidEri
emerge#v.出现，暴露#i5mE:dV
emergency#n.紧急情况，急诊#i5mE:dVEnsi
emigrant#n.移居国外的人#5emigrEnt
emigrate#v.移居国外，移民#5emigreit
emigration#n.向国外移民#emi5greiFEn
eminent#adj.杰出的，突出的#5eminEnt
emission#n.发射，散发#i5miFEn
emit#v.发射，散发#i5mit
emotion#n.感情，情绪#i5mEuFEn
emotional#adj.感情的，激动的#i5mEuFEnl
emperor#n.皇帝#5empErE
emphasis#n.强调，重点，重读#5emfEsis
emphasize#v.强调，着重#5emfEsBiz
emphatic#adj.强调的，着重的#im5fAtik
empire#n.帝国，财团#5empBiE
empirical#adj.经验的#im5pirikEl
employ#v.雇用，使用，从事#im5plCi
employee#n.雇员#emplCi5i:
employer#n.雇主#im5plCiE
employment#n.职业，就业#im5plCimEnt
emptiness#n.空虚，空白#5emptinis
empty#adj.空的，空虚的#5empti
enable#v.使能够，使可能#i5neibl
enchant#v.迷住，陶醉#in5tFB:nt
encircle#v.环绕，包围#in5sE:kl
enclose#v.围住，圈起，封入#in5klEuz
enclosure#n.围绕，附件#in5klEuVE
encounter#v.面临，遭遇#in5kBuntE
encourage#v.鼓舞，鼓励，助长#in5kQridV
encouragement#n.鼓舞，鼓励#in5kQridVmEnt
encyclopaedia#n.百科全书
end#n.结尾 v.终止，结束#end
endanger#v.危及，危害#in5deindVE
endeavor#v.,n.努力，尽力#in5devE
ending#n.结局#5endiN
endless#adj.无穷无尽的#5endlis
endorse#v.背签#in5dC:s
endorsement#n.背书#in5dC:smEnt
endow#v.资助，赋予，授予#in5dBu
endurance#n.忍耐力，耐用#in5djuErEns
endure#v.忍受，容忍，持久#in5djuE
endures#n.最终用户
enemy#n.敌人，对手#5enimi
energetic#adj.精力旺盛的#enE5dVetik
energy#n.精力，活力，能量#5enEdVi
enforce#v.实施，强制#in5fC:s
engage#v.从事，雇用，吸引#in5geidV
engaged#adj.占用的，从事..的#in5geidVd
engagement#n.约束，约会，婚约#in5geidVmEnt
engine#n.发动机，火车头#5endVin
engineer#n.工程师#endVi5niE
engineering#n.工程#endVi5niEriN
England#n.英格兰，英国#5iNglEnd
English#n.,adj.英国的，英语#5iNgliF
Englishman#n.英国人#5iNgliFmEn
engrave#v.刻上，牢记#in5greiv
engraving#adj.雕刻#in5greiviN
engulf#v.吞没#in5gQlf
enhance#v.提高，增加#in5hB:ns
enhancement#n.提高
enjoy#v.欣赏，享有，享受#in5dVCi
enjoyable#adj.愉快的#in5dVCiEbl
enjoyment#n.享受，乐趣#in5dVCimEnt
enlarge#v.扩大，扩展，放大#in5lB:dV
enlargement#n.扩大
enlighten#v.启发，教导#in5lBitn
enlightening#adj.给人启发的
enormous#adj.巨大的，庞大的#i5nC:mEs
enough#adj.,adv.足够(的)#i5nQf
enquire#v.询问#in5kwBiE
enquiry#v.询问
enrich#v.使富裕#in5ritF
enroll#v.登记，招收#in5rEul
enrolment#n.招收
en route#adv.在途中
ensure#v.保证，担保，保护#in5FuE
entail#v.遗留给，引起#in5teil
enter#v.进入，加入#5entE
enterprise#n.事业，企业#5entEprBiz
entertain#v.招待，使欢乐#entE5tein
entertainment#n.招待，娱乐#entE5teinmEnt
enthusiasm#v.热情，热心#in5Wju:ziAzEm
enthusiastic#adj.热情的，热心的#inWju:zi5Astik
entire#adj.完全的，全部的#in5tBiE
entirely#adv.完全地，彻底地#in5tBiEli
entirety#n.全部#in5tBiEti
entitle#v.给...权利，资格#in5tBitl
entrance#n.进入，入口#5entrEns
entreat#v.恳求，请求#in5tri:t
entrust#v.委托#in5trQst
entry#n.进入，入口，词条#5entri
enumerate#v.列举#i5nju:mEreit
envelop#v.包，围绕#in5velEp
envelope#n.信封#5envElEup
envious#adj.嫉妒的#5enviEs
environment#n.环境#in5vBiErEnmEnt
environmental#adj.环境的#invBiErEn5mentl
envy#v.,n.嫉妒，羡慕#5envi
epidemic#adj.传染的 n.传染病#epi5demik
episode#n.事件，情节，插曲#5episEud
epoch#n.时代，纪元#5i:pCk
epoch-making#adj.划时代的#5i:pCk5meikiN
equal#adj.相等的，胜任的#5i:kwEl
equality#n.平等，相等#i(:)5kwCliti
equally#adv.相等地，相同地#5i:kwEli
equation#n.等式，方程式#i5kweiFEn
equator#n.赤道#i5kweitE
equilibrium#n.平衡，均衡#i:kwi5libriEm
equip#v.装备，配备#i5kwip
equipment#n.设备，器材，装置#i5kwipmEnt
equivalence#n.相等，等值#i5kwivElEns
equivalent#adj.相等的，等值的#i5kwivElEnt
era#n.时代，年代#5iErE
eradicate#v.根除#i5rAdikeit
eradication#n.根除#i5rAdi5keiFn
erase#v.擦掉，抹去#i5reiz
erasure#n.抹去#i5reiFE
erect#v.树立，建立，竖立#i5rekt
erection#n.竖立，建立#i5rekFEn
erosion#n.腐蚀，侵蚀#i5rEuVEn
err#v.犯错误#E:
errand#n.差事，差使#5erEnd
error#n.错误，过失#5erE
erupt#v.喷发，爆发#i5rQpt
eruption#n.喷发，爆发#i5rQpFEn
escalator#n.电动扶梯#5eskEleitE
escape#v.逃跑，避免，被遗忘#is5keip
escort#v.护送 n.护卫队#5eskC:t
especial#adj.特别的，专门的#is5peFEl
especially#adv.特别地，专门地#is5peFEli
essay#n.散文，论文，小品文#5esei
essayist#n.散文作家#5eseiist
essence#n.本质，情髓，香精#5esns
essential#adj.必需的，本质的#i5senFEl
essentially#adj.本质上，实质上#i5senFEli
establish#v.建立，设立，确立#is5tAbliF
established#adj.已建立的
establishment#n.建立，组织#is5tAbliFmEnt
estate#n.房地产，财产#is5teit
esteem#v.,n.尊重#is5ti:m
estimate#v.,n.估算，预算#5estimit7 5estimeit
estimation#n.估算，估计#esti5meiFEn
etc.#(缩)等等#it5setrE
eternal#adj.永恒的，无休止的#i5tE:nl
Europe#n.欧洲#5juErEp
European#n.,adj.欧洲人(的)#juErE5pi:En
evaluate#v.估价，评价#i5vAljueit
evaluation#n.估价，评价#ivAlju5eiFEn
evaporate#v.蒸发，脱水，消失#i5vApEreit
evaporation#n.蒸发，升华#ivApE5reiFEn
eve#n.前夕，前夜#i:v
even#adj.平坦的，均匀的#5i:vEn
evening#n.傍晚，晚上#5i:vniN
evenly#adv.平坦地，均匀地#5i:vEnli
event#n.事件，场合，比赛#i5vent
eventful#adj.多事的#i5ventful
eventually#adv.最终，终于#i5ventjuEli
ever#adv.曾经，总是，究竟#5evE
everlasting#adj.永久的，持久的#evE5lB:stiN
every#adj.每个，所有的#5evri
everybody#pron.人人，每人#5evribCdi
everyday#adj.每日的，日常的#5evridei
everyone#pron.人人，每人#5evriwQn
everything#pron.事事，一切#5evriWiN
everywhere#adv.处处，到处#5evriweE
evidence#n.证据，迹象#5evidEns
evident#adj.明显的，明白的#5evidEnt
evidently#adv.明显地，显然#5evidEntli
evil#adj.坏的，邪恶的#5i:vl
evolution#v.发展，渐进，进化#i:vE5lju:FEn
evolve#v.发展，进化#i5vClv
ex#prep.在...交货
exact#adj.精确的，精密的#ig5zAkt
exactly#adv.确切地，正是#ig5zAktli
exaggerate#v.夸张，夸大#ig5zAdVEreit
exaggerated#adj.言过其辞的#ig5zAdVEreitid
exaggeration#n.夸张#igzAdVE5reiFEn
exalt#v.抬高，发扬#ig5zC:lt
exalted#adj.高贵的，得意的#ig5zC:ltid
exam#n.考试#ig5zAm
examination#n.检查，考试#igzAmi5neiFEn
examine#v.检查，细看，考试#ig5zAmin
example#n.例子，榜样#ig5zB:mpl
exasperate#v.激怒，恶化#ig5zB:spEreit
exasperation#n.愤慨，加剧#ig5zAspE5reiFEn
exceed#v.超过，过度#ik5si:d
exceedingly#adv.非常，极端地#ik5si:diNli
excel#v.胜过，优于#ik5sel
excellence#n.优秀，卓越#5eksElEns
excellent#adj.优秀的，卓越的#5eksElEnt
except#prep.除...外 v.除外#ik5sept
exception#n.除外，例外#ik5sepFEn
exceptional#adj.异常的，例外的#ik5sepFEnl
excess#n.过量，过剩#ik5ses7 5ekses
excessive#adj.过分的，极度的#ik5sesiv
exchange#v.交换，兑换 n.交易#iks5tFeindV
excite#v.刺激，使兴奋#ik5sBit
excited#adj.兴奋的#ik5sBitid
excitement#n.兴奋，激动#ik5sBitmEnt
exciting#adj.令人激动的#ik5sBitiN
exclaim#v.呼喊，感叹#iks5kleim
exclamation#n.呼喊，感叹#eksklE5meiFEn
exclude#v.排除，拒绝考虑#iks5klu:d
exclusion#n.排除#iks5klu:VEn
exclusive#adj.独有的#iks5klu:siv
exclusively#adv.独占地#iks5klu:sivli
exclusivity#n.独家经营权
excursion#n.短途游览#iks5kE:FEn
excuse#v.原谅 n.借口#iks5kju:z7 iks5kju:s
execute#v.执行，实施，处决#5eksikju:t
execution#n.执行，处决#eksi5kju:FEn
executive#adj.执行的 n.执行者#ig5zekjutiv
exemplify#v.举例说明#ig5zEmplifBi
exempt#v.免除#ig5zempt
exercise#n.锻炼，练习，运用#5eksEsBiz
exercise-book#n.练习簿
exert#v.尽(力)，发挥#ig5zE:t
exertion#n.尽力，竭力#ig5zE:FEn
exhaust#v.竭尽，用完#ig5zC:st
exhausted#adj.精疲力竭的#ig5zC:stid
exhaustion#n.用尽，详述#ig5zC:stFEn
exhaustive#adj.详尽的#ig5zC:stiv
exhibit#v.展出,显示 n.展览品#ig5zibit
exhibition#n.展览会，表现#eksi5biFEn
exile#v.放逐 n.流亡者#5eksBil
exist#v.存在，生存#ig5zist
existence#n.存在，生存#ig5zistEns
existing#adj.现存的，已有的
exit#n.出口，安全门，离开#5eksit
exonerate#v.昭雪，解除#ig5zCnEreit
exoneration#n.免罪，免除#igzCnE5reiFEn
expand#v.扩张，膨胀，扩充#iks5pAnd
expansion#n.扩张，扩大#iks5pAnFEn
expect#v.盼望，期待，预料#iks5pekt
expectation#v.期待，前程#ekspek5teiFEn
expedience#n.便利，权宜之计#iks5pi:djEns
expedient#adj.方便的，临时的#iks5pi:djEnt
expedite#v.加快，急送#5ekspidBit
expedition#n.探险，考察队#ekspi5diFEn
expel#v.驱逐，开除#iks5pel
expend#v.花费，消耗#iks5pend
expenditure#n.支出，费用#iks5penditF
expense#n.支出，开支#iks5pens
expensive#adj.昂贵的，高价的#iks5pensiv
experience#n.,v.经历，经验#iks5piEriEns
experienced#adj.有经验的#iks5piEriEnst
experiment#n.,v.实验，试验#iks5perimEnt
experimental#adj.实验的#iksperi5mentl
experimentation#n.实验#eksperimen5teiFEn
expert#n.专家，能手#5ekspE:t
expertise#n.专家队伍(总称)#ekspE5ti:z
expiration#n.期满#ekspi5reiFEn
expire#v.到期，断气#iks5pBiE
expiry#n.逾期#iks5pBiri
explain#v.解释，说明#iks5plein
explanation#n.说明，解释#eksplE5neiFEn
explanatory#adj.说明的#iks5plAnEtEri
explicit#adj.清楚的，明晰的#iks5plisit
explicitly#adv.清晰地
explode#v.爆炸，激增#iks5plEud
exploit#v.开发，利用，剥削#5eksplCit7 iks5plRit
exploitation#n.开发，利用#eksplCi5teiFEn
exploration#n.勘探，考察#eksplC:5reiFEn
explore#v.勘探，考察#iks5plC:
explorer#n.勘探者，探险家#iks5plC:rE
explosion#n.爆炸，爆发，激增#iks5plEuVEn
explosive#adj.爆炸性的 n.炸药#iks5plEusiv
export#v.,n.输出，出口#eks5pC:t7 5ekspR:t
exportation#n.出口#5ekspC:5teiFn
exporter#n.出口商#iks5pC:tE
expose#v.暴露，揭露，陈列#iks5pEuz
exposition#n.展览会，说明#ekspE5ziFEn
exposure#n.揭露，曝光#iks5pEuVE
express#v.表达，快递 n.快车#iks5pres
expression#n.表达，措辞，表情#iks5preFEn
expressive#adj.有表现力的#iks5presiv
expressly#adj.明确表示的#iks5presli
expressway#n.高速公路#iks5preswei
exquisite#adj.精致的#5ekskwizit
extend#v.延伸，扩大，给予#iks5tend
extension#n.延伸，电话分机#iks5tenFEn
extensive#adj.广泛的，密集的#iks5tensiv
extensively#adv.广泛地#iks5tensivli
extent#n.范围，限度，一大片#iks5tent
exterior#adj.,n.外部(的)#eks5tiEriE
external#adj.外部的，对外的#eks5tE:nl
extinct#adj.绝灭的，熄灭的#iks5tiNkt
extinction#n.绝灭，熄灭#iks5tiNkFEn
extinguish#v.扑灭，熄灯#iks5tiNgwiF
extra#adj.额外的，外加的#5ekstrE
extract#v.取出，榨出，摘录#iks5trAkt7 5ekstrAkt
extraction#n.出身，摘要#iks5trAkFEn
extraordinary#n.特别的，格外的#iks5trC:dinEri
extravagance#n.奢侈，浪费#iks5trAvigEns
extravagant#adj.奢侈的，浪费的#iks5trAvigEnt
extreme#adj.极度的，极端的#iks5tri:m
extremely#adv.极其，非常#iks5tri:mli
eye#n.眼睛，孔眼，视力#Bi
eyeball#n.眼球#5BibC:l
eyebrow#n.眉毛#5BibrBu
eyeglass#n.眼镜#5BiglAs
eyelid#n.眼睑#5Bilid
eyesight#n.视力#5BisBit
fable#n.寓言#5feibl
fabric#n.织物，结构，组织#5fAbrik
fabricate#v.制作，捏造#5fAbrikeit
fabrication#n.制作，虚构#fAbri5keiFEn
face#n.脸，正面 v.面对#feis
facilitate#v.使便利，使容易#fE5siliteit
facility#n.方便，设施，便利#fE5siliti
fact#n.事实，真相#fAkt
faction#n.宗派，派别#5fAkFEn
factor#n.因素，因数，要素#5fAktE
factory#n.工厂，制造厂#5fAktEri
faculty#n.本领，学系#5fAkElti
fade#v.褪色，枯萎#feid
Fahrenheit#n.,adj.华氏(的)#5fArEnhBit
fail#v.失败，不及格，不能#feil
failing#adj.缺点#5feiliN
failure#n.失败，疏忽，破产#5feiljE
faint#adj.软弱的，模糊的#feint
fair#adj.公平的 n.交易会#feE
fairly#adj.公平地，相当#5feEli
fairy#n.妖精，仙女#5feEri
faith#n.信任，信念#feiW
faithful#adj.忠诚的，可靠的#5feiWful
faithfully#adv.忠诚地#5feiWfuli
fake#adj.冒片的 n.冒牌货#feik
fall#v.落下，跌倒 n.瀑布#fC:l
false#adj.假的，假造的#fC:ls
fame#n.名声，声誉#feim
familiarity#n.熟悉，相似#fEmili5Ariti
familiar#adj.熟悉的，亲近的#fE5miljE
family#n.家庭，家属#5fAmili
famine#n.饥荒，饥饿#5fAmin
famous#adj.著名的#5feimEs
fan#n.扇子，...迷 v.扇#fAn
fanatic#adj.狂热的，入迷的#fE5nAtik
fancy#n.幻想，爱好 v.想象#5fAnsi
fantastic#adj.奇异的，荒谬的#fAn5tAstik
far#adj.遥远的 adv.远#fB:
fare#n.车费 v.饮食#feE
farewell#int.再见 adj.告别的#5feE5wel
farm#n.农场，农庄#fB:m
farmer#n.农夫，农场主#5fB:mE
farmhand#n.农工，农场工人
farmhouse#n.农舍#5fB:mhBus
farming#n.农业，种植业#5fB:miN
farther#adv.较远，更进一步#5fB:TE
fascinate#v.吸引，入迷，蛊惑#5fAsineit
fascination#n.入迷#fAsi5neiFEn
fascism#n.法西斯#5fAFizEm
fascist#n.法西斯分子#5fAFist
fashion#n.方式，时髦，时装#5fAFEn
fashionable#adj.流行的，时髦的#5fAFEnEbl
fast#adj.快的 adv.快#fB:st
fasten#v.捆紧，钉牢#5fB:sn
fat#n.脂肪 adj.肥胖的#fAt
fatal#adj.致命的#5feitl
fate#n.命运，厄运，宿命#feit
father#n.父亲，神父，始祖#5fB:TE
father-in-law#n.岳父，公公#5fB:TEinlC:
fathom#v.领会，推测#5fATEm
fatigue#n.,v.(使)疲劳#fE5ti:g
fault#n.缺点，过失，断层#fC:lt
faultless#adj.完美的#5fC:ltlis
faulty#adj.有缺点的#5fC:lti
favor#n.帮助，偏爱 v.宠爱#5feivE
favorable#adj.赞成的，有利的#5feivErEbl
favorably#adv.有利地，顺利地#5feivErEbli
favorite#n.adj.最喜爱的人或物#5feivErit
fear#n.,v.害怕，担忧#fiE
fearful#adj.可怕的，吓人的#5fiEful
fearless#adj.毫不畏惧的#5fiElis
feasibility#n.可行性#fi:zE5biliti
feasible#adj.可行的，做得到的#5fi:zEbl
feast#n.,v.宴会，宴请#fi:st
feat#n.功绩#fi:t
feather#n.羽毛#5feTE
feature#n.相貌，特征，特写#5fi:tFE
February#n.二月#5februEri
federal#adj.联邦的#5fedErEl
federation#n.联邦#fedE5reiFEn
fee#n.费用，酬金#fi:
feeble#adj.虚弱的，无力的#5fi:bl
feed#v.喂养，吃东西#fi:d
feedback#n.反馈#5fi:dbAk
feel#v.感到，摸，意识到#fi:l
feeling#n.知觉，感觉，感情#5fi:liN
fell#v.砍到#fel
fellow#n.家伙，同事#5felEu
fellowship#n.交情，会员资格#5felEuFip
female#adj.女性的，雌的#5fi:meil
feminine#adj.女性的，妇女的#5feminin
fence#n.围栏，篱笆#fens
ferocious#adj.凶猛的，野蛮的#fE5rEuFEs
ferrous#adj.铁的，含铁的#5ferEs
ferry#n.渡船 v.渡运#5feri
ferryboat#n.渡船
fertile#adj.肥沃，多产的#5fE:tBil
fertilizer#n.肥料，化肥#5fE:tilBizE
fervent#adj.强烈的，热烈的#5fE:vEnt
festival#n.节日 adj.喜庆的#5festEvEl
fetch#v.去取来，去请来#fetF
feud#n.纠纷，封地#fju:d
feudal#adj.封建的#5fju:dl
feudalism#n.封建主义#5fjudlizEm
fever#n.发烧，狂热#5fi:vE
few#adj.少的 n.少数#fju:
fiber#n.纤维，质地#5fBibE
fiction#n.小说，虚构#5fikFEn
fictional#adj.虚构的#5fikFEnl
fiddle#n.提琴#5fidl
field#n.田野，战场，场#fi:ld
fierce#adj.凶猛的，猛烈的#fiEs
fiery#adj.火的#5fBiEri
fifteen#num.十五#5fif5ti:n
fifth#num.第五，五分之一#fifW
fifty#num.五十#5fifti
fig#n.无花果#fig
fight#v.打仗，战斗，作斗争#fBit
fighter#n.战士#5fBitE
figurative#adj.比喻的，修饰的#5figjurEtiv
figure#n.数字，图形，人物#5figE
file#n.档案，纵列，锉刀#fBil
filing#n.档案管理
fill#v.装满，充满，补缺#fil
filling#n.充填物，馅#5filiN
film#n.胶片，电影，薄膜#film
filter#n.滤器 v.过滤#5filtE
filth#n.污秽，污物#filW
filthy#adj.污秽的#5filWi
final#adj.最终的 n.决赛#5fBinl
finalize#v.落实，定下来#5fBinlBiz
finally#adv.最终，终于#5fBinEli
finance#n.金融 v.资助#fBi5nAns7 fi-
financial#adj.金融的，财政的#fBi5nAnFEl7 fi-
financier#n.金融家#fBi5nAnsiE
financing#n.金融业，财政学#fBi5nAnsiN
find#v.寻找，找到，发现#fBind
finding#n.发现，发现物#fBindiN
fine#adj.好的，精细的#fBin
finger#n.手指#5fiNgE
finish#v.,n.结束，抛光#5finiF
finished#adj.制成的#5finiFt
finite#adj.有限的，限定的#5fBinBit
fir#n.裘皮#fE:
fire#n.火，火灾 v.开火#5fBiE
fire-engine#n.消防车
fireman#n.消防队员#5fBiEmEn
fireplace#n.壁炉#5fBiEpleis
firework#n.焰火#5fBiEwE:k
firm#adj.坚固的 n.商号#fE:m
firmly#adv.坚定地，坚固地#5fE:mli
firmness#n.坚定，坚固#5fE:mnis
first#adj.第一的 adv.首先#fE:st
first-rate#adj.第一流的#5fE:st-5reit
fish#n.鱼 v.捞取，探听#fiF
fisherman#n.渔夫#5fiFEmEn
fishery#n.渔业#5fiFEri
fission#n.裂变，分裂#5fiFEn
fist#n.拳头#fist
fit#adj.适合的，健康的#fit
fitness#n.适合，健康#fitnis
fitting#adj.适当的#5fitiN
five#num.五#fBiv
fix#v.固定，确定，修理#fiks
fixed#adj.固定的，已确定的#fikst
fixture#n.固定物，固定装置#5fikstFE
flag#n.旗#flAg
flake#n.片，片状物#fleik
flame#n.火焰，热情#fleim
flank#n.侧面，胁腹#flANk
flannel#n.法兰绒#5flAnl
flap#v.拍打 n.垂下物#flAp
flare#v.,n.闪烁#fleE
flash#n.,v.闪光，闪现#flAF
flask#n.瓶，烧瓶#flB:sk
flat#adj.平的，平淡的#flAt
flatten#v.弄平，变平#5flAtn
flatter#v.奉承，谄媚#5flAtE
flavor#n.滋味，风趣#5fleivE
flaw#n.裂缝，瑕疵，缺点#flC:
flee#v.逃走，消散#fli:
fleece#n.羊毛#fli:s
fleet#n.船队#fli:t
flesh#n.肌肉，骨肉，果肉#fleF
fleshy#adj.肉的#5fleFi
flexibility#n.柔韧，灵活性#fleksE5bilEti
flexible#adj.柔韧的，灵活的#5fleksEbl
flicker#v.闪烁#5flikE
flight#n.飞，航班，逃走#flBit
fling#v.抛，掷#fliN
float#v.浮，漂 n.彩车#flEut
flock#n.群 v.群集#flCk
flood#n.洪水，大量#flQd
floor#n.地板，(楼)层#flC:
flour#n.面粉#5flBuE
flourish#v.茂盛，兴旺#5flQriF
flow#v.流动 n.流动，流量#flEu
flower#n.花，盛期#5flBuE
flu#n.流感#flu:
fluctuate#v.波动，起伏#5flQktjueit
fluctuation#n.波动#flQktju5eiFEn
fluency#n.流利，流畅#5flu:Ensi
fluent#adj.流利的#5flu(:)Ent
fluid#n.液体 adj.流动的#5flu(:)id
flush#v.(脸)发红 n.红晕#flQF
flute#n.长笛，笛子#flu:t
flutter#v.飘动，振翼#5flQtE
flux#n.流动，变迁#flQks
fly#v.飞，驾机 n.苍蝇#flBi
foam#n.泡沫 v.起泡#fEum
FOB#(缩)离岸价#fCb
focus#n.焦点，中心 v.集中#5fEukEs
fodder#n.饲料#5fCdE
foe#n.敌人，宿敌#fEu
fog#n.雾，翳#fCg
foggy#adj.有雾的，雾蒙蒙的#5fCgi
fold#v.折叠 n.折痕#fEuld
foliage#n.叶子(总称)#5fEuliidV
folk#n.人们，乡亲，亲属#fEulk
follow#v.跟随，听懂，遵循#5fClEu
follower#n.追随者，信徒#5fClEuE
following#adj.下列的，其次的#5fClEuiN
follow-up#n.,adj.后续(的)
fond#adj.喜爱..的，慈爱的#fCnd
food#n.食物，食粮#fu:d
foodstuff#n.食品
fool#n.蠢人，傻瓜 v.愚弄#fu:l
foolish#n.愚蠢的，笨的#5fu:liF
foot#n.脚，英尺，最下部#fut
football#n.足球#5futbC:l
footing#n.立足点，立场#5futiN
footstep#n.足迹，脚步声#5futstep
for#prep.给，作...用的#fC:7 fE
forbid#v.禁止，不许#fE5bid
forbidden#adj.禁止的#fE5bidn
force#n.力，力量 v.强迫#fC:s
fore#adj.前面的adv.在前面#fC:
forecast#n.,v.预测，预报#5fC:kB:st
forefather#n.祖先，先辈#5fC:fB:TE
forefinger#n.食指#5fC:fiNgE
foregoing#adj.先行的，上述的#fC:5gEuiN
forehead#n.前额#5fCrid7 5fR:hed
foreign#adj.外国的，对外的#5fCrin
foreigner#n.外国人，异乡人#5fCrinE
foreman#n.领班#5fC:mEn
foremost#adj.最初的，第一流的#5fC:mEust
foresee#v.预见，预知#fC:5si:
forest#n.森林#5fCrist
forestry#n.林业#5fCristri
foretell#v.预告，预言#fC:5tel
forever#adv.永远，总是#fE5revE
forge#v.打铁，锻造，伪造#fC:dV
forgery#n.锻炉，锻造厂#5fC:dVEri
forget#v.忘记，疏忽，没想到#fE5get
forgive#v.饶恕，原谅，豁免#fE5giv
fork#n.餐叉，岔口#fC:k
form#n.形状，类型，表格#fC:m
formal#adj.形式上的，正式的#5fC:mEl
formality#n.礼节，正式#fC:5mAliti
format#n.格式，样式#5fC:mAt
formation#n.形成，构成#fC:5meiFEn
former#adj.以前的，前者#5fC:mE
formerly#adv.从前，以前#5fC:mEli
formidable#adj.可怕的，难对付的#5fC:midEbl
formula#n.公式#5fC:mjulE
formulate#v.系统阐述#5fC:mjuleit
formulation#n.确切表述#fC:mju5leiFEn
forsake#v.遗弃，抛弃#fE5seik
fort#n.堡垒，要塞#fC:t
forth#adv.向前，向外#fC:W
forthcoming#adj.即将到来的#fC:W5kQmiN
fortitude#n.坚毅#5fC:titju:d
fortnight#n.两星期#5fC:tnBit
fortress#n.堡垒，城堡#5fC:tris
fortuity#n.偶然事件#fC:5tjuiti
fortunate#adj.幸运的，侥幸的#5fC:tFEnit
fortunately#adv.幸运地，幸而#5fC:tFEnitli
fortune#n.运气，财富#5fC:tFEn
forty#num.四十#5fC:ti
forum#n.讨论会，座谈会#5fC:rEm
forward#adj.向前的 adv.向前#5fC:wEd
fossil#n.化石，守旧者#5fCsl
foster#v.养育，抚养#5fCstE
foul#adj.肮脏的，邪恶的#fBul
found#v.创办，使有根据#fBund
foundation#n.建立，基金，基础#fBun5deiFEn
founder#n.创办人，奠基人#5fBundE
fountain#n.泉，源泉，喷泉#5fBuntin
four#num.四#fC:
fourteen#num.十四#5fC:5ti:n
fourth#num.第四，四分之一#fC:W
fowl#n.家禽，鸡，禽肉#fBul
fox#n.狐狸，狡猾的人#fCks
fraction#n.片断，分数#5frAkFEn
fractional#adj.零碎的，不足的#5frAkFEnl
fracture#n.断裂 v.折断#5frAktFE
fragile#adj.易碎的，脆的#5frAdVBil
fragment#n.碎片，片断#5frAgmEnt
fragrance#n.芬芳，香气#5frAgrEns
fragrant#adj.香的，芬芳的#5freigrEnt
frail#adj.脆弱的，虚弱的#freil
frame#n.框架，骨骼 v.构造#freim
framework#n.构架，机构#5freimwE:k
France#n.法国#5frB:ns
franchise#n.特许权#5frAntFBiz
frank#adj.坦率的，真诚的#frANk
frankly#adv.坦率地#5frANkli
free#adj.自由的，空闲的#fri:
freedom#n.自由，免除#5fri:dEm
freely#adv.自由地，随意地#5fri:li
freeze#v.结冰，楞住，冻结#fri:z
freezer#n.冷冻箱#fri:zE
freight#n.货运，货物，运费#freit
French#adj.法国的 n.法语#frentF
Frenchman#n.法国人#5frentFmEn
frequency#n.频繁，频率#5fri:kwEnsi
frequent#adj.频繁的，经常的#5fri:kwEnt
frequently#adv.时常，往往#5fri:kwEntli
fresh#adj.新鲜的，崭新的#freF
freshen#v.使新鲜，使振作#5freFEn
freshman#n.新人，新生#5freFEn
fret#v.使烦恼 n.烦燥#fret
friction#n.摩擦，摩擦力#5frikFEn
Friday#n.星期五#5frBidi
friend#n.朋友#frend
friendly#adj.友好的，和气的#5frendli
friendship#n.友谊，友好#5frendFip
fright#n.恐怖，惊吓#frBit
frighten#v.惊吓，吓唬#5frBitn
frightening#adj.令人害怕的
frightful#adj.可怕的#5frBitful
fringe#n.边缘，花边，穗子#5frindV
frock#n.女上衣，童上装#frCk
frog#n.蛙#frCg
from#prep.自，从...来#frCm7 frEm7 frm
front#n.正面，前线 v.面对#frQnt
frontier#n.边界，国境，新领域#5frQntjE
frost#n.霜，霜冻#frCst
frosty#adj.霜的#5frCsti
frown#v.皱眉头，厌恶#frBun
frugal#adj.节俭的#5fru:gEl
fruit#n.果子，水果，成果#fru:t
fruitful#adj.果实累累的#5fru:tful
frustrate#v.阻挠，使灰心#frQs5treit
frustration#n.挫折，灰心#frQs5treiFEn
fry#v.油煎，炸#frBi
frying-pan#n.煎锅
fuel#n.燃料#fjuEl
fulfil#v.完成，满足要求#ful5fil
fulfillment#n.完成，成就
full#adj.满的，完全的#ful
fully#adv.完全，彻底#5fuli
fumble#v.摸索#5fQmbl
fun#n.娱乐，玩笑，乐趣#fQn
function#n.作用，集会，函数#5fQNkFEn
functional#adj.功能的#5fQNkFEnl
fund#n.基金，资金，蕴藏#fQnd
fundamental#adj.基本的，根本的#fQndE5mentl
funeral#n.葬礼#5fju:nErEl
funny#adj.有趣的，好笑的#5fQni
fur#n.毛皮，裘衣#fE:
furious#adj.狂怒的，狂暴的#5fjuEriEs
furnace#n.熔炉#5fE:nis
furnish#v.供应，装备，摆家具#5fE:niF
furniture#n.家具(总称)#5fE:nitFE
furrow#n.犁沟#5fQrEu
further#adv.更远，进一步#5fE:TE
furthermore#adv.而且#5fE:TE5mC:
fury#n.狂暴，狂怒#5fjuEri
fuse#n.保险丝，导火线#fju:z
fuss#n.忙乱，大惊小怪的#fQs
fussy#adj.爱大惊小怪的#5fQsi
future#n.将来，前途#5fju:tFE
futures#n.期货
gain#v.获得，赢得 n.收益#gein
gale#n.大风，定期交付#geil
gallery#n.美术馆#5gAlEri
gallon#n.加仑#5gAlEn
gallop#v.奔驰，飞跑#5gAlEp
gamble#v.,n.赌博，投机#5gAmbl
gambler#n.赌徒#5gAmblE
game#n.游戏，比赛，猎物#geim
gang#n.一群，一帮#gAN
gangster#n.匪徒，歹徒#5gANstE
gaol#n.监狱#dVeil
gap#n.空隙，隔阂，山口#gAp
garage#n.车库，汽车修理站#5gArB:V
garbage#n.垃圾#5gB:bidV
garden#n.花园，菜园#5gB:dn
gardener#n.园丁#5gB:dnE
gardening#n.园艺#5gB:dEniN
garlic#n.大蒜#5gB:lik
garment#n.衣服，服装#5gB:mEnt
garrison#n.要塞，警备队#5gArisn
gas#n.气体，煤气，汽油#gAs
gasoline#n.汽油#5gAsEli:n
gasp#v.,n.喘息，喘气#gB:sp
gate#n.大门，门票收入#geit
gather#v.聚集，收集，采集#5gATE
gathering#n.集会，聚集#5gATEriN
gauge#n.规格，计量表#geidV
gay#adj.快活的，快乐的#gei
gaze#v.,n.凝视，注视#geiz
gear#n.齿轮，用品#giE
gem#n.宝石#dVem
general#adj.一般的，总的#5dVenErEl
generalization#n.概括#dVenErElBi5zeiFEn
generalize#v.总结，归纳#5dVenErElBiz
generally#adv.通常，大概#5dVenErEli
generate#v.产生，发生，生殖#5dVenEreit
generation#n.世代，一代人#dVenE5reiFEn
generator#n.发电机#5dVenEreitE
generosity#n.慷慨，大方#dVenE5rCsiti
generous#adj.慷慨的，丰盛的#5dVenErEs
genius#n.天份，才华，天才#5dVi:njEs
gentle#adj.温柔的，温和的#5dVentl
gentleman#n.绅士，先生，君子#5dVentlmEn
gently#adv.轻轻地，温柔地#5dVentli
genuine#adj.真正的，道地的#5dVenjuin
geography#n.地理学，地形#dVi5CgrEfi
geology#n.地质学#dVi5ClEdVi
geometry#n.几何学#dVi5Cmitri
germ#n.萌芽，起源，细菌#dVE:m
German#adj.德国的 n.德语#5dVE:mEn
Germany#n.德国#5dVE:mEni
gesture#n.姿势，手势，姿态#5dVestFE
get#v.获得，记住，到达#get
get-together#n.集会，聚会#5get tEgeTE
ghost#n.鬼魂，幽灵#gEust
giant#n.巨人 adj.巨大的#5dVBiEnt
gift#n.礼品，天赋#gift
gigantic#adj.巨大的#dVBi5gAntik
giggle#v.咯咯地笑#5gigl
ginger#n.姜#5dVindVE
girl#n.少女，姑娘#gE:l
giver#v.给予，付出 n.让步#5givE
glad#adj.快乐的，高兴的#glAd
glance#v.看一眼 n.一瞥#glB:ns
glare#n.,v.闪耀，瞪眼#gleE
glass#n.玻璃，镜子#glB:s
glassware#n.玻璃制品#5glB:sweE
gleam#n.微光，闪光#gli:m
glide#v.,n.滑行，溜#glBid
glimpse#v.,n.瞥见#glimps
glisten#v.闪光#5glisn
glitter#v.闪闪发光#5glitE
global#adj.全世界的，总的#5glEubEl
globalization#n.全球化
globalize#v.使...全球化#5gloubElBiz
globe#n.地球，球体，地球仪#glEub
gloom#n.黑暗，忧郁#glu:m
gloomy#adj.阴沉的，忧郁的#5glu:mi
glorious#adj.光荣的，辉煌的#5glC:riEs
glorify#v.颂扬，赞美#5glC:rifBi
glory#n.光荣，壮丽，荣誉#5glC:ri
glossary#n.词汇表#5glCsEri
glove#n.手套#glQv
glow#v.发光，发红#glEu
glue#n.胶水 n.粘贴#glu:
glut#n.供过于求v.狼吞虎咽#glQt
gnaw#v.啃，咬#nC:
GNP#n.(缩)国民总收入
go#v.去，进行，打算#gEu
goal#n.目标，目的，球门#gEul
goat#n.山羊#gEut
god#n.神，上帝#gCd
goddess#n.女神#5gCdis
gold#n.黄金，金币，金色#gEuld
golden#adj.黄色的，金黄色的#5gEuldEn
golf#n.高尔夫球#gClf
good#adj.好的，善良的#gud
good-bye#int.再见#5gud5bBi
good-looking#adj.好看的
goodness#n.优良，天哪#5gudnis
goodself#n.你方
goods#n.货物，商品#gudz
goodwill#n.商誉#5gudwil
goose#n.鹅#gu:s
gorge#n.咽喉，峡谷，山口#gC:dV
gorgeous#adj.绚丽的，了不起的#5gC:dVEs
gorilla#n.大猩猩#gE5rilE
gossip#n.闲谈，聊天#5gCsip
govern#v.统制，支配，决定#5gQvEn
government#n.编制，政体，政府#5gQvEnmEnt
governess#n.女家庭教师#5gQvEnis
governor#n.州长，总督#5gQvEnE
gown#n.长袍，法衣#5gBun
grab#v.抓住，攫取#grAb
grace#n.优美，文雅，恩惠#greis
graceful#adj.优美的，文雅的#5greisful
gracious#adj.亲切的，客气的#5greiFEs
grade#n.等级，年级#greid
gradual#adj.逐渐的，逐步的#5grAdjuEl
gradually#adv.逐渐地，逐步地#5grAdjuEli
graduate#v.毕业生 v.毕业#5grAdjueit
graduation#n.毕业#grAdju5eiFEn
grain#n.谷物，颗粒，一点点#5grein
gram#n.克#grAm
grammar#n.语法#5grAmE
grammatical#adj.语法的#grE5mAtikEl
gramophone#n.留声机#5grAmEfEun
grand#adj.雄伟的，重大的#grAnd
grandchild#n.(外)孙儿、女#5grAntFBild
granddaughter#n.孙女，外孙女#5grAnddC:tE
grandfather#n.祖父，外祖父#5grAndfB:TE
grandmother#n.祖母，外祖母#5grAndmQTE
grandparent#n.(外)祖父(母)#5grAndperEnt
grandson#n.孙子，外孙#5grAndsQn
granite#n.花岗石#5grAnit
grant#v.答应，授予，承认#grB:nt
grape#n.葡萄#greip
graph#n.图象，图解#grAf
grasp#v.,n.抓住，领悟#grB:sp
grass#n.草，禾本植物#grB:s
grasshopper#n.蚱蜢#5grB:shCpE
grateful#adj.感激的，致谢的#5greitful
gratify#v.使满足，使高兴#5grAtifBi
gratifying#adj.可喜的#5grAtifBiiN
gratis#adj.免费的#5greitis
gratitude#n.感激，感谢#5grAtitju:d
grave#adj.严肃的，庄重的#greiv
gravel#n.砂砾，石子#5grAvEl
gravity#n.引力，严肃#5grAviti
graze#v.吃草，擦碰#greiz
grease#v.润滑油脂#gri:s7 gri:z
great#adj.大的，伟大的#greit
greatly#adj.大大地，非常地#5greitli
greatness#n.伟大，大#5greitnis
Greece#n.希腊#gri:s
greed#n.贪婪，贪心#gri:d
greedy#adj.贪婪的#5gri:di
Greek#n.,adj.希腊人(的)#gri:k
green#adj.绿的，没有经验的#gri:n
greengrocer#n.蔬菜商#5gri:ngrEusE
greenhouse#n.温室#5gri:nhBus
greet#v.打招呼#gri:t
greeting#n.问候，致意#5gri:tiN
grey#adj.灰色的，阴郁的#grei
grief#n.悲哀，悲伤#gri:f
grieve#v.使悲伤，伤心#gri:v
grim#adj.冷酷的，不祥的#grim
grin#v.露齿而笑#grin
grind#v.碾碎，磨快，折磨#grBind
grip#v.,n.紧握，吸引#grip
groan#v,,n.呻吟#grEun
grocer#n.杂货铺#5grEusE
grocery#n.杂货店#5grEusEri
groove#n.槽，沟，常规#gru:v
grope#v.摸索，探索#grEup
gross#adj.总的，粗糙的#grEus
ground#n.地面，场，根据#grBund
groundless#adj.无根据的
group#n.群，组，团体#gru:p
grove#n.林子，树丛#grEuv
grow#v.增长，成长，种植#grEu
growl#v.,n.咆哮，嗥叫#grBul
grown#adj.已长成的#grEun
grown-up#n.成人 adj.成人的#5grEun-Qp
growth#n.增长，发展，生长#grEuW
grudge#v.嫉妒，吝啬#grQdV
grumble#v.抱怨，咕哝，发牢骚#5grQmbl
grunt#n.,v.(作)呼噜声#grQnt
guarantee#n.,v.保证，担保#gArEn5ti:
guard#v.警卫，提防 v.哨兵#gB:d
guardian#n.保护人#5gB:djEn
guess#v.,n.猜想，推测#ges
guest#n.客人，宾客，旅客#gest
guesthouse#n.宾馆
guidance#n.向导，指导#5gBidEns
guide#v.向导，指引 n.导游#gBid
guilt#n.犯罪，过失#gilt
guilty#adj.有罪的，内疚的#5gilti
guitar#n.吉它，六弦琴#gi5tB:
gulf#n.海湾，鸿沟#gQlf
gulp#v.吞下#gQlp
gum#n.树胶，口香糖，牙龈#gQm
gun#n.枪，炮#gQn
gunpowder#n.火药#5gQnpBudE
gust#n.一阵(大风)#gQst
gutter#n.街沟#5gQtE
guy#n.家伙#gBi
gymnasium#n.体育馆，健身房#dVim5neizjEm
gymnastics#n.体操#dVim5nAstiks
gymnast#n.体操运动员#5dVimnAst
habit#n.习惯#5hAbit
habitual#adj.习惯的，惯常的#hE5bitFuEl
haggard#adj.消瘦的，憔悴的#5hAgEd
haggle#n.争论，讨价还价#5hAgl
hail#v.欢呼 n.冰雹#heil
hair#n.头发，毛发#heE
haircut#n.理发#5heEkQt
hairdress#n.美发
hairpin#n.发卡#5heEpin
hairy#adj.毛发的，多毛的#5heEri
half#n.一半 adv.一半#hB:f
halfway#adv.半途#hB:f5wei
hall#n.大厅，会堂#hC:l
hallmark#n.标志
halt#v.,n.停住#hC:lt
halve#v.对分，减半#hB:v
ham#n.火腿#hAm
hamburger#n.汉堡包#5hAmbE:gE
hammer#n.锤子 v.锤击#5hAmE
hamper#v.妨碍#5hAmpE
hand#n.手，人手，指针#hAnd
handbag#n.手袋，手提包#5hAndbAg
handbook#n.手册#5hAndbuk
handful#adj.一把，少量#hAndful
handicap#n.障碍 v.妨碍#5hAndikAp
handicapped#adj.有残疾的
handkerchief#n.手帕，手绢#5hANkEtFif
handle#v.处理，对待 n.把#5hAndl
handling#n.处理，管理#5hAndliN
handsome#adj.漂亮的，得体#5hAndsEm
handout#n.分发物(印刷品等)#5hAndBut
handwriting#n.手写，书法，笔迹#5hAndrBitiN
handy#adj.方便的，近便的#5hAndi
hang#v.挂，垂，绞死#hAN
hanger#n.衣架
haphazard#adj.偶然的#5hAp5hAzEd
happen#v.发生，碰巧，出事#5hApEn
happening#n.事件#5hApEniN
happily#adv.幸运地#5hApili
happiness#n.幸福#5hApinis
happy#adj.高兴的，幸运的#5hApi
harbor#n.港口，停泊处#5hB:bE
hard#adj.硬的 adv.努力#5hB:d
harden#v.硬化，变硬#5hB:dn
hardly#adv.刚刚，几乎不#5hB:dli
hardness#n.坚硬，硬度#5hB:dnis
hardship#n.困苦，艰难#5hB:dFip
hardware#n.硬件#5hB:dweE
hard-working#adj.勤劳的#5hB:dwE:kiN
hardy#adj.耐劳的，耐寒的#5hB:di
hare#n.野兔#heE
harm#n.,v.损害，伤害#hB:m
harmful#adj.有害的#5hB:mful
harmless#adj.无害的，无恶意的#5hB:mlis
harmonious#adj.和睦的，和谐的#hB:5mEunjEs
harmony#n.融洽，和谐#5hB:mEni
harness#v.支配，治理#5hB:nis
harsh#adj.刺耳的，严厉的#hB:F
harvest#v.,n.收获#5hB:vist
haste#n.急忙，急速#heist
hasten#v.赶紧，加快#5heisn
hasty#adj.急促的，草率的#5heisti
hat#n.帽子#hAt
hatch#v.孵化，策划#hAtF
hate#v.恨，憎恶，不愿意#heit
hateful#adj.可恨的，可憎的#5heitful
hatred#n.憎恶，敌意#5heitrid
haughty#adj.傲慢的#5hC:ti
haul#v.拉，拖 n.获得量#hC:l
haunt#v.萦绕，作崇#hC:nt
have#v.有，不得不，拿#hAv7 hEv
hawk#n.鹰隼#hC:k
hay#n.干草#hei
hazard#n.危险#5hAzEd
he#pron.他#hi:
head#n.头，领导 v.率领#hed
headache#n.头疼，头疼的事#5hedeik
heading#n.标题#5hediN
headline#n.通栏标题#5hedlBin
headlong#ad.头向前地，卤莽地#5hedlCN
headmaster#n.(中、小学)校长#5hed5mB:stE
headquarters#n.司令部，总部#5hed5kwC:tEz
heal#v.治愈，医治#hi:l
health#n.健康(状况)#helW
healthy#adj.健康的#5helWi
heap#n.一堆，许多 v.堆积#hi:p
hear#v.听见，听取，听说#hiE
hearing#n.听力，审讯#5hiEriN
heart#n.心，心肠，中心#hB:t
heartfelt#adj.衷心的#5hB:tfelt
hearth#n.壁炉，炉边#hB:W
heartily#adv.精神饱满的#5hB:tili
hearty#adj.衷心的，热诚的#5hB:ti
heat#n.热，热烈 v.加热#hi:t
heated#n.激烈的，热烈的#5hi:tid
heating#n.取暖，供热#5hi:tiN
heave#v.起伏，举起，叹气#hi:v
heaven#n.天空，天堂#5hevn
heavily#adv.重，沉重的#5hevili
heavy#adj.星的，繁重的#5hevi
hedge#n.树篱，套期保值#hedV
hedgehog#n.刺猬#hedVhCg
heed#v.,n.注意，留心#hi:d
heel#n.后跟#hi:l
height#n.高度，顶点#hBit
heighten#v.加高，增加#5hBitn
heir#n.继承人#eE
heiress#n.女继承人#5VEris
helicopter#n.直升飞机#5helikCptE
hell#n.地狱，苦境#hel
hello#int.喂，你好#5hE5lEu
helmet#n.头盔#5helmit
help#v.,n.帮助，有助于#help
helpful#adj.有用的#5helpful
helpless#adj.无用的，无效的#5helplis
hemisphere#n.半球，领域#5hemisfiE
hen#n.母鸡#hen
hence#adv.因此，由此#hens
henceforth#adv.今后#5hens5fC:W
her#pron.她的，她(宾格)#hE:7 hE
herald#n.先兆，先驱#5herEld
herb#n.药草#hE:b
herbal#adj.草药的#5hE:bl
herd#v.放牧 n.(牲畜)群#hE:d
here#adv.这里，在这里#hiE
hereafter#adv.此后#hiE5rB:ftE
hereby#adv.以此#hiE5bBi
herein#adv.在此#5hiE5rin
hereinafter#adv.以下#hiErin5AftE
hereof#adv.在本文件中#hiEr5Cv
hereto#adv.对此#hiEr5tu:
herewith#adv.与此一道#5hiE5wiT
hero#n.英雄，男主角#5hiErEu
heroic#adj.英雄的，英勇的#hi5rEuik
heroine#n.女英雄，女主角#5herEuin
herself#pron.她自己#hE:5self
hesitant#adj.犹豫的#5hezitEnt
hesitate#v.犹豫，不想#5heziteit
hesitation#n.犹豫，踌躇#hezi5teiFEn
hey#int.嗨#hei
hi#int.嗨，你好#hBi
hide#v.躲藏，隐瞒，掩盖#hBid
hideous#adj.骇人听闻的#5hidiEs
high#adj.高的，高度的#hBi
highland#n.高地#5hBilEnd
highly#adv.十分，赞许地#5hBili
highway#n.公路#5hBiwei
hijack#v.拦路抢劫#5hBidVAk
hijacker#n.栏路抢劫者#5hBidVAkE
hike#n.,v.徒步郊游#hBik
hill#n.小山，丘陵#hil
hillside#n.山坡，山腰#5hil5sBid
him#pron.他(宾格)#him
himself#pron.他自己#him5self
hind#adj.后面的，后部的#hBind
hinder#v.妨碍，阻止#5hindE7 5hBindE
hinterland#n.内地#5hintElAnd
hindrance#n.障碍(物)#5hindrEns
hinge#n.合页，绞链#hindV
hint#n.暗示，迹象 v.暗示#hint
hip#n.臀部#hip
hire#v.租，雇佣#5hBiE
his#pron.他的#his
hiss#v.,n.(发)嘶嘶声#his
historian#n.历史学家#his5tC:riEn
historic#adj.历史性的#his5tCrik
historical#adj.历史的#his5tCrikEl
history#n.历史#5histEri
hit#v.打，碰，打击#hit
hitchhike#v.搭车旅行#5hitFhBik
hitherto#adv.迄今，到那时#5hiTE5tu:
hoarse#adj.嘶哑的，沙哑的#hC:s
hobby#n.嗜好，业余爱好#5hCbi
hoe#n.锄头 v.锄#hEu
hoist#v.升起，扯起#hCist
hold#v.握住，容纳 n.控制#hEuld
holder#n.持有人，支架#5hEuldE
holding#n.支持，控股#5hEudiN
hold-up#n.停顿，耽误
hole#n.洞，孔穴#hEul
holiday#n.节日，假日#5hClEdi
hollow#adj.空心的，凹陷的#5hClEu
holy#adj.神圣的，圣洁的#5hEuli
home#n.家，故乡 adv.回家#hEum
homeless#adj.无家可归的#hEumlis
homely#adj.家常的，简便的#5hEumli
homesick#n.思乡的#5hEumsik
homework#n.家庭作业#5hEumwE:k
homogenous#adj.同质的，同类的#hE5mCdVEnEs7 hou-
honest#adj.诚实的，正直的#5Cnist
honesty#n.诚实，正直#5Cnisti
honey#n.蜂蜜#5hQni
honeymoon#n.蜜月#5hQnimu:n
honor#n.荣誉，名誉 v.尊敬#5CnE
honorable#adj.可尊敬的，体面的#5CnErEbl
hook#n.钩 v.钩住#huk
hop#v.跳跃#hCp
hope#v.,n.希望，愿望#hEup
hopeful#adj.有希望的#5hEupful
hopefully#adv.可以指望#5hEupfuli
hopeless#adj.无望的，绝望的#5hEuplis
horizon#n.地平线，视野#hE5rBizn
horizontal#adj.水平的，横的#hCri5zRntl
horn#n.角，触须，号角#hC:n
horrible#adj.可怕的，糟透的#5hCrEbl
horrify#v.使恐惧#5hCrifBi
horror#n.恐惧，恐怖#5hCrE
horse#n.马#hC:s
horsepower#n.马力#5hC:spBuE
hose#n.软水管，长统袜#hEuz
hospital#n.医院#5hCspitl
hospitable#adj.好客的#5hCspitEbl
hospitality#n.好客，款待#hCspi5tAliti
host#n.一大群，男主人#hEust
hostage#n.人质#5hCstidV
hostel#n.廉价旅馆#5hCstEl
hostess#n.女主人，女主持人#5hEustis
hostile#adj.怀敌意的#5hCstBil
hot#adj.热的，辣的#hCt
hotdog#n.热狗(面包)
hotel#n.旅馆#hEu5tel
hotelling#n.旅馆业
hour#n.小时，点钟#5BuE
hound#n.猎狗 v.追逐#hBund
house#n.房子，剧场，家#hBus
household#n.户 adj.家庭的#5hBushEuld
housekeeper#n.看门人，保姆#5hBuski:pE
housewife#n.家庭主妇#5hBuswBif
housework#n.家务#5hBuswE:k
hover#v.翱翔，盘旋，徘徊#5hCvE
how#adv.如何，多么，怎样#hBu
however#adv.可是，然而#hBu5evE
howl#v.,n.嚎叫，嚎哭#hBul
hug#v.,n.紧抱#hQg
huge#adj.庞大的，巨大的#hju:dV
hull#n.豆荚，外壳，船壳#hQl
hum#v.哼，嗡嗡叫#hQm
human#adj.人的，人类的#5hju:mEn
humane#adj.人慈的#hju5mein
humanism#n.人道主义#5hju:mEnizm
humanitarian#n.慈善家#hju(:)5mAniteEriEn
humanity#n.人类，人性#hju:5mAniti
humble#adj.谦卑的，卑贱的#5hQmbl
humid#adj.湿的，潮湿的#5hju:mid
humidity#n.湿度，湿气#hju:5miditi
humiliate#v.使受辱#hju(:)5milieit
humiliation#n.羞辱，耻辱#hju:mili5eiFEn
humor#n.幽默(感)，心情#5hju:mE
humorous#adj.幽默的，诙谐的#5hju:mErEs
hundred#num.一百#5hQndrid
hundredth#num.第一面，百分之一#5hQndridW
hunger#n.饥饿，渴望#5hQNgE
hungry#adj.饥饿的，渴望的#5hQNgri
hunt#v.打猎，搜索，寻找#hQnt
hunter#n.猎人，搜索者#5hQntE
hurl#v.猛掷，猛投#hE:l
hurrah#int.好哇 n.喝彩声#hu5rB:
hurry#v.赶紧，急忙，急运#5hQri
hurt#v.使受伤，使痛，伤害#hE:t
husband#n.丈夫#5hQzbEnd
hush#int.嘘 n.沉默#hQF
hustle#v.奔忙#5hQsl
hut#n.小屋#hQt
hydraulic#adj.水力的，液压的#hBi5drC:lik
hydroelectric#adj.水电的#5hBidrouilektrik
hydrogen#n.氢，氢气#5hBidridVEn
hygiene#n.卫生#5hBidVi:n
hymn#n.赞美诗，赞歌#him
hypocrisy#n.伪善#hi5pCkrEsi
hypothesis#n.假设，前提#hBi5pCWisi:z
hypothetical#adj.假设的#5hBipE5Wetikl
hysteria#n.歇斯底里，癔病#his5tiEriE
hysteric#adj.亢奋的#hi5sterik
I#pron.我#Bi
ice#n.冰，冰块#Bis
ice-cream#n.冰淇淋#5Bis5kri:m
ice-bound#adj.冰封的
Iceland#n.冰岛#5BislEnd
icy#adj.冰冷的，结了冰的#5Bisi
idea#n.思想，主意，打算#Bi5diE
ideal#adj.理想的 n.理想#Bi5diEl
idealism#n.理想主义#Bi5diElizEm
idealize#v.使理想化#Bi5diElBiz
identical#adj.同一的，相同的#Bi5dentikEl
identification#n.识别，身分#Bidentifi5keiFEn
identify#v.认出，认为...一致#Bi5dentifBi
identity#n.认同，同一性#Bi5dentiti
idiom#n.习语，成语#5idiEm
idiomatic#adj.习语的，惯用的#idiE5mAtik
idiot#n.傻子，白痴#5idiEt
idle#adj.空闲的，懒的#5Bidl
idleness#n.闲散，无所事事#5Bidlnis
idol#n.偶像，被崇拜的人#5Bidl
i. e.#(缩)即，也就是
if#conj.如果，虽然,是否#if
ignite#v.点燃#ig5nBit
ignorance#n.无知，不知道#5ignErEns
ignorant#adj.不知道的，无知的#5ignErEnt
ignore#v.忽视，不理睬#ig5nC:
ill#adj.患病的，坏的#il
illegal#adj.不合法的，非法的#i5li:gEl
illegible#adj.字迹不清的#i5ledVEbl
illiteracy#n.文盲#i5litErEsi
illiterate#adj.文盲的 n.文盲#i5litErit
illness#n.疾病，生病#5ilnis
illuminate#v.照亮，启发#i5lju:mineit
illusion#n.幻想，幻觉#i5lju:VEn
illusive#adj.幻觉的#i5lju:siv
illustrate#v.图解，用图说明#5ilEstreit
illustration#n.阐明，实例#ilEs5treiFEn
image#n.图像，影像，形象#5imidV
imaginary#adj.想象的，虚构的#i5mAdVinEri
imagination#n.想象力，想象#imAdVi5neiFEn
imagine#v.想象，猜想#i5mAdVin
imitate#v.模仿，仿造，模拟#5imiteit
imitation#n.模仿，仿制品#imi5teiFEn
immaterial#adj.无形的，不重要的#imE5tiEriEl
immature#adj.不成熟的#imE5tjuE
immediate#adj.立即的，最近的#i5mi:djEt
immediately#adv.立即，马上#i5mi:djEtli
immense#adj.巨大的，极大的#i5mens
immerse#v.浸泡，埋头于#i5mE:s
immigrant#n.移民#5imigrEnt
immigrate#v.移入#5imigreit
immigration#n.移居入境#imi5greiFEn
imminent#adj.迫切的，危急的#5iminEnt
immoral#adj.不道德的#i5mC:rEl
immortal#adj.不朽的#i5mC:tl
impact#n.冲击，影响#5impAkt
impart#v.给予，告诉#im5pB:t
impartial#adj.公证的#im5pB:FEl
impatience#n.不耐烦#im5peiFEns
impatient#adj.急切的，不耐烦的#im5peiFEnt
imperative#adj.绝对必要的#im5perEtiv
imperfect#adj.不完善的#im5pE:fikt
imperialism#n.帝国主义#im5piEriElizm
imperialist#n.帝国主义者#im5piEriElist
implement#v.实行 n.工具#5implimEnt
implementation#n.实行，执行#implimen5teiFEn
implication#n.暗示，含义#impli5keiFEn
implied#adj.暗含的，暗示的
implore#v.恳求，哀求#im5plC:
imply#v.暗示，意味#im5plBi
import#v.进口,引进 n.进口货#im5pC:t 5impR:t
importance#n.重要性，意义#im5pC:tEns
important#adj.重要的，重大的#im5pC:tEnt
importation#n.进口#impC:5teiFEn
importer#n.进口商#im5pC:tE
impose#v.征(税)，强加#im5pEuz
imposition#n.强迫接受#impE5ziFEn
impossibility#n.不可能性#impCsi5biliti
impossible#adj.不可能的，不妥的#im5pCsEbl
impost#n.进口税，关税#5impEust
impractical#v.不可行的#im5prAktikl
impress#v.印，铭刻，产生印象#im5pres7 5impres
impression#n.印象，影响，印迹#im5preFEn
impressive#adj.给人深刻印象的#im5presiv
imprison#v.关押，监禁#im5prizn
imprisonment#n.监禁，徒刑#im5priznmEnt
improper#adj.不适当的#im5prCpE
improve#v.改善，提高#im5pru:v
improvement#n.改善，好转#im5pru:vmEnt
impulse#n.冲击，冲动，脉搏#5impQls
impurity#n.不纯，杂质#im5pjuEriti
in#prep.在...内，穿戴#in
inability#n.无能#inE5biliti
inaccessible#adj.很难得到的#inAk5sesEbl
inaccurate#adj.不准确的，不确切#in5Akjurit
inadequate#adj.不充足的，不足以#in5Adikwit
inasmuch#adv.因为，由于#inEz5mQtF
inaugural#adj.开幕的#i5nC:gjurEl
inaugurate#v.举行开幕、就职典礼#i5nC:gjureit
inauguration#n.开幕、就职典礼#inC:gju5reiFEn
incapable#adj.不能的，不会的#in5keipEbl
incense#v.使发怒 n.香#5insens7 in5sens
incentive#n.刺激的，鼓励的#in5sentiv
inch#n.英寸#intF
incident#n.事件，事变，插曲#5insidEnt
incidentally#adv.偶然地，另外#insi5dentEli
inclination#n.倾斜，倾向#inkli5neiFEn
incline#v.低头，喜欢，倾斜#in5klBin
inclined#adj.倾向于...的#in5klBind
include#v.包括#in5klu:d
inclusion#n.包括在内#in5kluVEn
inclusive#adj.包括在内的#in5klu:siv
income#n.收入，所得#5inkQm
incompatibility#n.不兼容#5inkEmpAtE5bi
incompatible#adj.不相容的#inkEm5pAtEbl
incomplete#adj.不完全的，没完成#inkEm5pli:t
inconsistency#n.不一致#inkEn5sistEnsi
inconsistent#adj.不一致的#inkEn5sistEnt
inconvenience#n.不便，不利#inkEn5vi:njEns
inconvenient#adj.不方便的#inkEn5vi:njEnt
incorporate#v.合并，体现#in5kC:pEreit
incorporated#adj.有限的
incorrect#adj.不正确的#inkE5rekt
incoterms#n.(缩)国际贸易术语
increase#v.,n.增加，增长#in5kri:s7 5inkri:s
increasing#adj.不断增长的
increasingly#adv.日益，越来越#in5kri:siNli
incredible#adj.不可信的，惊人的#in5kredEbl
incredulous#adj.表示怀疑的#in5kredjulEs
increment#n.增值#5inkrimEnt
incur#v.招致，承受#in5kE:
indebted#adj.感激的，感恩的#in5detid
indebtedness#n.感激
indeed#adv.的确，实际上#in5di:d
indefinite#adj.不明确的，不确定#in5definit
indefinitely#adv.不明确地#in5definitli
indemnify#v.赔偿，保护#in5demnifBi
indent#v.(书写)缩行#in5dent
independence#n.独立，自主#indi5pendEns
independent#adj.独立的#indi5pendEnt
independently#adv.独立地#indi5pendEntli
index#n.索引，标志，指数#5indeks
India#n.印度#5indiE
Indian#adj.,n.印度人(的)#5indiEn
indicate#v.指明，表示#5indikeit
indication#n.表示，迹象#indi5keiFEn
indicative#adj.表示...的#in5dikEtiv
indifference#n.冷淡，不关心#in5difErEns
indifferent#adj.冷淡的，不在乎的#in5difrEnt
indigestion#n.消化不良#indi5dVestFEn
indignant#adj.气愤的，愤慨的#in5dignEnt
indignation#n.愤慨，气愤#indig5neiFEn
indirect#adj.间接的，侧面的#indi5rekt
indirectly#adj.间接地#indi5rektli
indispensable#adj.必不可少的#indis5pensEbl
individual#adj.个人的，各自的#indi5vidjuEl
indoor#adj.室内的#5indC:
indoors#adv.在户内，在屋里#in5dC:z
induce#v.诱使，引起，归纳#in5dju:s
inducement#n.诱导，动机#in5dju:smEnt
induction#n.感应，归纳#in5dQkFEn
indulge#v.放纵，放任，纵容#in5dQldV
industrial#adj.工业的#in5dQstriEl
industrialize#v.使工业化#in5dQstriElBiz
industrialization#n.工业化
industrialized#adj.工业化的
industrious#adj.勤劳的，勤奋的#in5dQstriEs
industry#n.工业，产业，勤奋#5indEstri
ineffective#adj.效率低的#inE5fektiv
ineffectiveness#n.低效率
inefficiency#n.无效力#ini5fiFEnsi
inefficient#adj.无效的#ini5fiFEnt
inertia#n.惯性，惰性，不活动#i5nE:FjE
inevitable#adj.必然的，不可避免#in5evitEbl
inevitably#adv.必然地#in5evitEbli
inexpensive#adj.便宜的#iniks5pensiv
infant#n.婴儿，幼儿#5infEnt
infantry#n.步兵#5infEntri
infect#v.感染，传染#in5fekt
infection#n.感染#in5fekFEn
infectious#adj.传染的#in5fekFEs
infer#v.推断，推论#in5fE:
inference#n.推断，推论的结果#5infErEns
inferior#adj.低级的 n.下级#in5fiEriE
inferiority#n.劣势#infiEri5B:iti
infinite#adj.无限大的，无穷的#5infinit
infinitely#adv.无限地，无穷地#5infinitli
infinitive#adj.不定式的#in5finitiv
infinity#n. 无限，无数，极多#in5finiti
inflammable#adj.不易燃的#in5flAmEbl
inflation#n.充气，通货膨胀#in5fleiFEn
inflict#v.打击#in5flikt
influence#n.影响，势力(范围)#5influEns
influential#adj.有影响的#influ5enFEl
influenza#n.流行性感冒#influ5enzE
inform#v.通知，告诉，告密#in5fC:m
informal#adj.非正式的#in5fC:mEl
information#n.通知，情报，资料#infE5meiFEn
informative#adj.提供资料的#in5fC:mEtiv
infrequent#adj.不经常的#in5fri:kwEnt
infringe#v.侵权#in5frindV
infringement#n.侵权#in5frindVmEnt
ingenious#adj.灵巧的，精巧的#in5dVi:njEs
ingenious#adj.独创的，机智的#in5dVi:njEs
ingenuity#n.灵巧，机灵，巧妙#indVi5nju(:)iti
inhabit#v.居住，栖身#in5hAbit
inhabitant#n.居民#in5hAbitEnt
inherent#adj.生来俱有的#in5hiErEnt
inherit#v.继承，遗传#in5herit
initial#adj.最初的#i5niFEl
initially#adv.最初#i5niFEli
initiate#v.发动，开始，使入门#i5niFieit
initiative#n.积极性，首创精神#i5niFiEtiv
inject#v.注射#in5dVekt
injection#n.注射#in5dVekFEn
injure#v.伤害，损害#5indVE
injury#n.伤害，损害#5indVEri
injustice#n.不公正#in5dVQstis
ink#n.墨水，油墨#iNk
inland#n.内地的，内陆的#5inlEnd7 in5lAnd
inlet#n.水湾，入口#5inlet
inn#n.客栈#in
inner#adj.里面的，内心的#5inE
innocence#n.清白，天真#5inEsns
innocent#adj.无罪的#5inEsnt
innovate#v.革新，变革，创始#5inEuveit
innovation#n.革新，创新#inEu5veiFEn
innumerable#adj.无数的#i5nju:mErEbl
inorganic#adj.无机的#inC:5gAnik
input#n.输入，投入#5input
inquire#v.询问#in5kwBiE
inquiry#n.询问，查询，调查#in5kwBiEri
insane#adj.疯狂的#in5sein
insect#n.昆虫#5insekt
insert#v.插入，嵌入#in5sE:t7 5insE:t
insertion#n.插入#in5sE:FEn
inside#n.里面 adj.里面的#in5sBid
insider#n.知情者#5in5sBidE
insight#n.洞察力#5insBit
insignificant#adj.无足轻重的#insig5nifikEnt
insist#v.坚持，坚决要求#in5sist
insistent#adj.紧迫的，坚持的#in5sistEnt
insofar#adv.在...范围内#insou5fB:
insolvent#adj.无偿付能力的#in5sClvEnt
inspect#v.检查，视察，审查#in5spekt
inspection#n.检查，视察#in5spekFEn
inspector#n.检查员，视察者#in5spektE
inspiration#n.灵感#inspE5reiFEn
inspire#v.鼓舞，激励，受启发#in5spBiE
instable#adj.不稳定的#in5steibl
install#v.安装，安置#in5stC:l
installation#n.安装，装置#instE5leiFEn
installment#n.分期付款#in5stC:lmEnt
instance#n.例子#5instEns
instant#adj.立即的，速溶的#5instEnt
instantly#adv.立即，立刻#5instEntli
instead#adv.代替，而是#in5sted
instinct#n.本能，直觉，天性#5instiNkt
instinctive#adj.本能的，天性的#in5stiNktiv
institute#n.(专科)学院 v.建立#5institju:t
institution#n.机构，制度#insti5tju:FEn
instruct#v.指导，指示，告知#in5strQkt
instruction#n.指导，指示#in5strQkFEn
instructive#adj.指示的，教育的#in5strQktiv
instructor#n.教员，教练#in5strQktE
instrument#n.仪器，乐器，手段#5instrumEnt
instrumental#adj.仪器的，工具的#instru5mentl
insufficient#adj.不充足的#insE5fiFEnt
insulate#v.绝缘，隔离，使孤立#5insjuleit
insulation#n.隔离，绝缘#insju5leiFEn
insult#v.,adj.侮辱#5insQlt7 in5sQlt
insurance#n.保险(业)，保障#in5FuErEns
insure#v.保险，确保#in5FuE
intangible#adj.无形的#in5tAndVEbl
integral#adj.组成的，整体的#5intigrEl
integrate#v.整合，结合#5intigreit
integration#n.结合，整体#inti5greiFEn
integrity#n.完整性，诚实#in5tegriti
intellect#n.理智，才智#5intilekt
intellectual#n.知识分子#inti5lektjuEl
intelligence#n.智慧，情报#in5telidVEns
intelligent#adj.聪明的，明智的#in5telidVEnt
intend#v.打算#in5tend
intense#adj.强烈的，极度的#in5tens
intensity#n.强烈，强度#in5tensiti
intensive#adj.强化的，密集的#in5tensiv
intent#n.意图 adj.专心的#in5tent
intention#n.意图，目的#in5tenFEn
intentional#adj.有意的，故意的#in5tenFEnl
interact#v.相互作用，相互影响#intE5rAkt
interaction#n.相互作用#intE5rAkFEn
intercourse#n.交流，往来#5intE(:)kC:s
interest#n.兴趣，利息，利益#5intrist
interested#adj.感兴趣的#5intristid
interesting#adj.有趣的#5intristiN
interface#n.交界，接口#5intE(:)feis
interfere#v.妨碍，干涉#intE5fiE
interference#n.干涉，干扰#intE5fiErEns
interior#n.内部，内地，内政#in5tiEriE
intermediate#adj.中间的#intE5mi:djEt
internal#adj.内部的，国内的#in5tE:nl
international#adj.国际的#intE(:)5nAFEnl
internationalization#n.国际化
internationalize#v.使国际化#intE5nAFEnlBiz
interpret#v.解释，当...译员#in5tE:prit
interpretation#n.解释，口译#intE:pri5teiFEn
interpreter#n.译员#in5tE:pritE
interrupt#v.打断，中断#intE5rQpt
interruption#n.中断，打扰#intE5rQpFEn
interval#n.间隔，中间休息#5intEvEl
intervene#v.介入，调解#intE5vi:n
interview#n.,v.会见，面谈#5intEvju:
intimate#adj.亲密的，熟悉的#5intimit
intimation#n.亲密，熟悉#inti5meiFEn
into#prep.到...里面，..成#5intu7 5intE
intonation#n.语调，声调#intE5neiFEn
introduce#v.介绍，引进，采用#5intrE5dju:s
introduction#n.介绍，引言#intrE5dQkFEn
introductory#adj.介绍的，入门的#intrE5dQktEri
intrude#v.侵入，强加于#in5tru:d
inundate#adj.使充满#5inQndeit
invade#v.入侵，侵犯#in5veid
invader#n.入侵者#in5veidE
invalid#adj.伤残的，无效的#5invEli:d7 in5vAlid
invalidate#v.使无效#in5vAlideit
invaluable#adj.非常宝贵的#in5vAljuEbl
invariably#adv.不变地，总是#in5veEriEbli
invasion#n.侵略，侵袭#in5veiVEn
invent#v.发明，创造，编造#in5vent
invention#n.发明，创造#in5venFEn
inventor#n.发明者#in5ventE
inverse#adj.相反的，倒转的#in5vE:s
inversely#adv.相反地#in5vEsli
invest#v.投资，花费#in5vest
investigate#v.调查，研究#in5vestigeit
investigation#n.调查#investi5geiFEn
investment#n.投资(额)#in5vestmEnt
invisible#adj.看不见的#in5vizEbl
invitation#n.邀请(信)#invi5teiFEn
invite#v.邀请，招致，征求#in5vBit
invoice#n.发票，装货清单#5invCis
involve#v.使卷入，忙于#in5vClv
involved#adj.涉及的，复杂的
involvement#n.卷入，涉足
inward#adj.里面的，内心的#5inwEd
inwards#adv.向内的
Ireland#n.爱尔兰#5BiElEnd
Irish#n.,adj.爱尔兰人(的)#5BiEriF
iron#n.铁，熨斗 v.熨平#5BiEn
ironical#adj.反讽的，讽刺的#Bi5rCnikl
irony#n.反讽，讽刺#5BiErEni
irregular#adj.不规则的#i5regjulE
irregularity#n.不规则#iregju5lAriti
irresistible#adj.不可抗拒的#iri5zistEbl
irrespective#adj.不论，不考虑#iris5pektiv
irrevocable#adj.不可撤消的#i5revEkEbl
irrigate#v.灌溉#5irigeit
irrigation#n.灌溉#iri5geiFEn
irritate#v.使生气，刺激#5iriteit
irritation#n.刺激，恼怒#iri5teiFEn
Islam#n.伊斯兰教，回教#5izlB:m
island#n.岛屿#5BilEnd
isolate#v.隔离，孤立#5BisEleit
isolation#n.隔离，孤立状态#BisE5leiFEn
issue#v.发行,发布 n.发行物#5iFu:
it#pron.它#it
Italian#n.,adj.意大利人(的)#i5tAljEn
Italy#n.意大利#5itEli
itch#v.,n.痒，热望#itF
item#n.条款，项目#5BitEm
itemize#v.分列#5BitEmBiz
its#pron.它的#its
itself#pron.它自己#it5self
ivory#n.象牙，象牙色#5BivEri
jack#n.千斤顶，船首旗#dVAk
jacket#n.短外套，茄克衫#5dVAkit
jail#n.监狱 v.监禁#dVeil
jam#n.果酱，阻塞#dVAm
January#n.一月#5dVAnjuEri
Japan#n.日本#dVE5pAn
Japanese#n.,adj.日本人(的)#dVApE5ni:z
jar#n.罐子，坛子，刺耳声#dVB:
jaw#n.下颚，下巴#dVC:
jazz#n.爵士乐#dVAz
jealousy#n.妒忌#5dVelEsi
jealous#adj.妒忌的#5dVelEs
jeans#n.牛仔裤#dVeinz
jelly#n.果冻#5dVeli
jeep#n.吉普车#dVi:p
jeopardize#v.危及#5dVepEdBiz
jerk#n.颠簸，猛推#dVE:k
Jesus#n.耶稣#5dVi:zEs
jet#v.喷射 v.喷气发动机#dVet
jettison#n.投弃货物 v.抛弃#5dVetEsn
Jew#n.犹太人#dVu:
jewel#n.珠宝，宝石#5dVu:El
jewelry#n.珠宝(总称)#5dVu:Elri
Jewish#adj.犹太人的#5dVu(:)iF
jingle#v.,n.(发)叮当声#5dViNgl
job#n.工作，活儿，差使#dVCb
jobless#adj.失业的#5dVCblis
jog#v.慢跑#dVCg
join#v.连接，加入，参加#dVCin
joint#n.接着，关节#dVCint
joke#n.笑话 v.开玩笑#dVEuk
jot#v.匆匆记下#dVCt
journal#n.刊物，日志#5dVE:nl
journalism#n.新闻体#5dVE:nElizEm
journalist#n.记者#5dVE:nElist
journey#n.旅行，旅程#5dVE:ni
joy#n.高兴，乐事#dVCi
joyful#adj.令人高兴的#5dVCiful
judge#n.法官，裁判 v.审判#dVQdV
judgement#n.判决，意见，判断#5dVQdVmEnt
jug#n.大壶，罐#dVQg
juice#n.汁，液#dVu:s
juicy#adj.多汁的#5dVu:si
July#n.七月#dVu:5lBi
jumble#n.搞乱，混乱#5dVQmbl
jump#v.,n.跳跃，跳动#dVQmp
junction#n.连接，结合处，接头#5dVQNkFEn
June#n.六月#dVu:n
jungle#n.密林，热带丛林#5dVQNgl
junior#adj.年少的，低级的#5dVu:njE
Jupiter#n.木屋#5dVu:pitE
jury#n.陪审团，评奖团#5dVuEri
just#adv.只，刚才#dVQst
justice#n.公正，正直#5dVQstis
justifiable#adj.有理由的#5dVQstifBiEbl
justification#n.辩护，正当理由#dVQstifi5keiFEn
justify#v.认为...有理#5dVQstifBi
juvenile#adj.青少年的#5dVu:vinBil
kangaroo#n.带鼠#kANgE5ru:
keen#adj.锋利的，敏捷的#ki:n
keep#v.保持，保留，防止#ki:p
keeper#n.保管人，管理员#5ki:pE
keeping#n.一致，协调#5ki:piN
kernel#n.核(仁)，核心#5kE:nl
kerosene#n.煤油#5kerEsi:n
kettle#n.水壶#5ketl
key#n.钥匙，关键，答案#ki:
keyboard#n.键盘#5kibC:d
keyhole#n.钥匙孔#5ki:houl
kick#v.,n.踢#kik
kid#n.小孩 v.哄骗#kid
kidnap#v.绑架，诱拐#5kidnAp
kidnaper#n.绑架者
kidney#n.肾，腰子#5kidni
kill#v.杀死，杀害#kil
killer#n.杀人者，杀手
kilo#n.(缩)公斤，公里#5kilEu
kilogram#n.公斤#5kilEgrAm
kilometer#n.公里#5kilEmi:tE
kilowatt#n.千瓦#5kilEwCt
kind#n.种类 adj.仁慈的#kBind
kindergarten#n.幼儿园#5kindEgB:tn
kindle#v.点燃，激发#5kindl
kindly#adv.仁慈地，好心地#5kBindli
kindness#n.仁慈，好意#5kBindnis
king#n.国王#kiN
kingdom#n.王国#5kiNdEm
kiss#v.接吻，亲嘴#kis
kit#n.全套工具、装备#kit
kitchen#n.厨房#5kitFin
kite#n.风筝#kBit
knee#n.膝#ni:
kneel#v.跪下#ni:l
knife#n.小刀#nBif
knight#n.骑士，爵士#nBit
knit#v.编织，皱(眉)#nit
